how's it going everyone my name is
potato and welcome back to another grand
theft auto 5 video today we're gonna be
going over a pretty sweet little
campaign Easter Egg called shoot for the
stars now before we get started with it
I would like to credit my good buddy
knot point for alive he is the founder
and solver of this Easter Egg you could
say he actually came to me with this so
you guys should go check him out if you
do enjoy GTA 5 mystery type videos in
Easter eggs and things of that nature he
does a lot of that stuff so go ahead and
check his channel out I will link it
down below also if you are new around
here do enjoy the content be sure to
leave a like on the video and subscribe
as we are less than 1,000 subscribers
off of 50,000 so thank you guys so much
for the support and let's get started
with the video so the first little step
in this Easter Egger the first hint
towards it appears on the backlight
version of the GTA 5 map and towards the
observatory right next to that actually
on this backlight version of the map
there's a little note that says shoot
for the stars and it leads us to wonder
what a shoe for the stars mean does this
have something to do with the the
jetpack mystery the Mount chiliad
mystery or like the the UFOs around the
map what does it have to do with it's
actually something really simple yet
cool at the same time so what you want
to do and you want to do this in
single-player as weapons are around the
map and things like that can't spawn in
and GTA online so I do this in
single-player doesn't matter who you're
playing as but go over to the
observatory and go where I do towards
the first little telescope you will see
a sniper rifle on the ground and one
more thing you might want to just try
this at nighttime as in the daytime you
can't see any of the lights on the
building so go over to this first
telescope pick up the sniper rifle look
through the scope towards a building
where you should see a sign that says
Penrice and the building is the sign is
a a blue sign that looks like an eyeball
with five stars around it and you can
shoot at the stars and the eyeball and
pretend that it's animated and with this
sniper rifle the stars are falling it to
the
and things like that so if you head over
to the actual building in downtown Los
Santos you will actually see on the
right side of the building in eyeball
and five stars around it basically just
halfway in the ground like they fell
from the sky and we're just kind of dug
in and they just crashed and into this
little paved minute area and I don't
even think paved minute is a word but
this is the shoe for the Stars Easter
Egg basically you it's you can pretend
that when you were up at the observance
of the observatory and you shot these
stars with the sniper rifle that they
fell and they crashed into the ground on
the side of the building now one more
cool little thing is Penrice is actually
I know it sounds like penis and
Pinterest is actually a sniper the word
sniper just rearranged so if you
rearrange the word Penrice you can spell
out the word sniper so that's another
cool a little easter egg that was thrown
in with this the shoot for the stars the
easter egg and that is really just about
it if you guys did enjoy this cool
little easter egg be sure to leave a
like on the video if you did enjoy and
subscribe if you are new around here as
we are on the road to 50,000 now with
all that said I believe that is just
about it you guys all take it easy have
a safe one and I will talk to you later
bye